Focus At Form

Together as mass consciousness our being is trapped between difference. As with animal, insect, asleep, awake, breathing and still our nature is dependent on seeing form where another form is not visible for us to see. But still seeing this form and that form together in one moment is possible, and it is the highest attainment.

Now what prevents us from seeing the other form, where our reality is what is readily visible, is this essential difference between us.  Knowing there is a difference is one bit preventing this union of vision.  However, growth to the highest attainment occurs rarely, and the character of behavior always prevents it from happening.

Where together we are united in synchronicity, or apart each as dependent upon the clock to function as a chosen role, the difference sets us apart, where in fact we are still one.  Who is to decide, which behavior to take in this life, whether to realize it is possible and to take the initiative, or to slow down that cause of action.

So I think choice is essentially given to us, by matter existing of another form, but yet has this existence been more than a game. And perhaps that matter of existence is also a game. But knowing the truth of whether that game and this game are causing each other to happen as mode of being, is lacking the idea of surrendering to the unknown.

And where surrender is important is perhaps with aging and disablement. For if the game is full of play who would want it to stop. But yet has the game been to be ignored by someone so fit to play that ye would be the best of the best, able to show others how not to play and to realize the essential nature of form, so that no one is trapped in a game.

Like being trapped, suffering at any moment is seen as potential to move as taking advantage. And perhaps advantage is what makes playing fun, and what makes for games. But one of us has never had advantage, has always given thou utter most, and chooses to see that advantage causes suffering, and thus is mating form & form in suffering.

So while knowing is advantageous, and surrendering to play is fun, seeing games as causing suffering is after the fact of losing too much to bare in this life. And so while that has occurred, and suffering is going on, the collective embrace that we either play today or sit out. Until we are let go, who will eliminate suffering?

Compassion is the ability to see suffering where it occurs, and yields the form of vision of that other consciousness. Insight into every matter of existence is attained by compassion, and rendering sight in this and that form grants power in this readily available reality. So suffering is most expeditiously stopped by ending advantage.